Marrying me is the most important thing to you
You say yes, little dick
Who the fuck
I don't see that other girls don't like you.
How dare you hit me?
Dude, can't you see the current form?
I devoured the Ye family
My father dare not hit me
How dare you!
Ye Rulong, right?
My half brother, right?
Am I your big brother?
Yes
Nominally you are my eldest brother
But no but
Today I will replace my father
Educate your unfilial son
College entrance examination, right?
Take power, right?
Don't you need it?
What's unique?
Do you think my security guard is a white gang?
Okay, okay, don't fucking hit
Why don't you play according to the label, you lowly giant
What did you do?
Hey hey hey what are you doing you are violent
You hit, you hit me
Ye Shao, can you see it with your own eyes?
This man is good, uneducated.
I hit me harder than you just now
good boy
You have a fucking grudge
Likes violence
You stinky girl
I see what you are capable of
And no matter how poor you are, you can't fucking run away